How could this possibly come down?
You're looking good. What's fake is fake.
Let’s talk about it from a big shot who doesn’t have the characteristics of a prime minister.
Thank you. To explain the physical steps,
He said that he would grow the market for himself.
Because if we have contact,
This time I will also have contact with the invited classmates in the future.
Yes, today this is not just an old conversation.
There is no fear of the mysterious family, and I am grateful for everything.
Then why is there a person here with a fake invitation?
Zhuang Luobushi
This fake invitation group is also yours
This invitation group is indeed mine
But he's not fake
If you don’t believe me, you can still beat them.
Just like the sun and the outdoor machine, in fact you
Even our invitation group that feeds one page
Do you know the private invitation group?
Tell each other about us
Take this thing that is unknown after death